Adding Origin-Agent-Cluster (#286)
helmetjs/helmet: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## 4.3.2 - 2021-01-17

Reviewer: Could you change this heading to "unreleased"?

### Added

> - `helmet.originAgentCluster`: disabled by default, set `true` enables it

Reviewer: Please change this to:

```suggestion
- `helmet.originAgentCluster`: a new middleware for the `Origin-Agent-Cluster` middleware, disabled by default
```
